added path for chain and token registry to documentation (#913)
evmos/evmos: docs/developers/guides/cosmos_coin_registration.md

To register a Cosmos Coin, consider the following stages:

> - [Cosmos Coin Registration](#cosmos-coin-registration)

Reviewer: nit, `Cosmos Coin Registration` is not one of the stages

2. Promote understanding of the ERC-20 Module.

   Make sure to mention the original [blog post](https://medium.com/evmos/introducing-evmos-erc20-module-f40a61e05273) that introduced the ERC-20 Module, along with a brief explanation of what the ERC-20 Module does. It's also a good idea to link the [ERC-20 Module documentation](https://docs.evmos.org/modules/erc20/)!

3. Describe how ERC-20 Module changes will be made.

   Give a breakdown of the proposal's payload, and explain in layman terms what the proposal will do if it passes. Detail precautions taken during contract and proposal formulation, if applicable (including consultations made prior to proposal creation, how contracts were tested, and any third-party reviews). Finally, mention the risks involved in the proposal, depending on the direction of IBC Coin and ERC-20.

Remember to provide links to the relevant [Commonwealth Evmos community](https://commonwealth.im/evmos) discussions concerning your proposal, as well as the [proposal on testnet](#submit-the-proposal-to-the-testnet).

## Adding Network to Evmos Chain Registry

> Evmos created a repo to hold all chain registry information [here](https://github.com/evmos/chain-token-registry). We use the [Cosmos Chain Registry](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry) to pull in the list of RPC, gRPC, and REST endpoints to power our Evmos Dashboard. Please submit a pull request with the network detail. Pull request should be merged one business post governance passes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All chain registry information can be found [here](https://github.com/evmos/chain-token-registry). The [Cosmos Chain Registry](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry) is used to pull in the list of RPC, gRPC, and REST endpoints to power the Evmos Dashboard. To add chain registry information, please submit a pull request with the network details. Pull requests should be merged one business day after governance passes.

```

3. Describe how ERC-20 Module changes will be made.

   Give a breakdown of the proposal's payload, and explain in layman terms what the proposal will do if it passes. Detail precautions taken during contract and proposal formulation, if applicable (including consultations made prior to proposal creation, how contracts were tested, and any third-party reviews). Finally, mention the risks involved in the proposal, depending on the direction of IBC Coin and ERC-20.

Remember to provide links to the relevant [Commonwealth Evmos community](https://commonwealth.im/evmos) discussions concerning your proposal, as well as the [proposal on testnet](#submit-the-proposal-to-the-testnet).

## Adding Network to Evmos Chain Registry

All chain registry information can be found [here](https://github.com/evmos/chain-token-registry). The [Cosmos Chain Registry](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry) is used to pull in the list of RPC, gRPC, and REST endpoints to power the Evmos Dashboard. To add chain registry information, please submit a pull request with the network details. Pull requests should be merged one business day after governance passes.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
